# COMP3900 DIARY
_Name:_    **James Gabor**

_zID:_      **z5146610**



## Week 1
Met with Group members and discussed the different projects. Over several days we compared 3 project proposals: waiter, outline generator and chatbot. We decided on the waiter project. Jira project was created.
## Week 2
With the project chosen, we discussed our own programming experiences to decide what framework would be best. After establishing the basics (ie. language, backend, frontend) we talked of the structure of the project. These discussions included:
* Number of epic stories
* Workflow of the restaurant (ie. interactions between customer, wait-staff and chefs)
* General scope of the project

Finally we set up an outline for our proposal milestone and divided the tasks between us. 
## Week 3
Code base for the backend was setup on the newly created github page. More specific discussion into the finer methodologies of each main epic (admin, staff, customer and kitchen) including UI design for the proposal. A new group member joined, time was spent getting her opinions and feedback on what has currently been done. Work done on the proposal, to be due on Sunday. Epic stories were expanded upon. 

## Week 4
Investigation into material UI and react, sample projects setup to try out different templates

## Week 5
Basic template started for all waitless applications using material UI

## Week 6
Staff dashboard implemented without backend links and advanced features

## Week 7
Staff UI finished, fake data implemented and displayed for all components. Began seting up and understanding the backend server components for linkage. Basic functionality querying the database setup for active and available tables

## Week 8
Began full redesign of the customer UI as well as backend functionality for customer and kitchen backend. Implemented server calls for the placement of orders from the customer side as well as filtering/pulling orders on the kitchen side. Session summaries were implemented with total cost updating at the end of an order. Full implementation of a search functionality for the customer side. 

## Week 9
Finished the redesign of customer UI code, implemented confirming order delivered for staff. Setup a sample restaurant to demo and submit (with the option for an empty restaurant). Changed backend calls for customer order posting and for customising orders. Filtered between static and customisable ingredients.

## Week 10
Found a bug in the sockets and API calls where an infinite chain of calls would generate over time. This was fixed so the server calls were stable. Presented the demo, an issue with the chatbot meant that it was omitted from the presentation, however this was fixed shortly afterwards. 

## Week 11
Final few days before submission, most time went towards getting a docker package and a final report. Much time spent on docker, report was done over a week with the group members each working on their own section independently. 
