# Work Diary
_Name:_    **Atul Vasudevan**

_zID:_      **z5199180**

---
---


## Week 1
---------

We formed the group and chose the scrum master. We discussed various project ideas from the list given. We finally decided to go with Project 6 - Waiter. We decided to integrate a chatbot into the application.

## Week 2
---------
We further discussed the various features of the project and fixed the software architecture.
- UI: ReactJS - Typescript
- Backend: Python - Flask
- DB: PostgreSQL

We worked on the project proposal.
I worked on the features, epic and wireframes for Customer screen.

## Week 3
---------
We discussed each feature in detail, with respect to the customer screen and others, and how it would look. 
We discussed the UI designs we created. 
Discussed how the workflow of an order and the status changes.
Added the discussed features, user stories and timeline in the proposal. Finsihed the proposal document. Pushed an initial code whcih would serve as a template for the project. 

## Week 4
---------
We discussed the database structure and the schema of the database. 
Started the DB setup.

## Week 5
---------
We finalised the DB structure. I set up the database - PostgreSQL.
The basic flask application was setup.

## Week 6
---------
I started working on the Customer Screen. Decided on the template for the customer screen.

## Week 7
---------
Continued work on the Customer screen. Set up the menu component.
Displayed the menu component with dummy data. 
Started working on other components of the customer screen.
Set up backend linkage and got DB data for the menu component.

## Week 8
---------
Worked on the Customer screen further. Set up the bucket component and modify items component.
Set up database connections and got data from the database for the modify order.
Worked on getting the modify order data to the bucket.

## Week 9
---------
Developed the Customer UI further. 
Added backend calls using Axios for the Modify Menu ingredients.
Added the staff assistance socket into the customer screen.
Linking the different componets, Customer, Menu, Modify Order, Bucket, to ensure the proper dataflow

## Week 10
---------
Improved the UI of the Customer screen. 
Added the Post call for the final order to go to the kitchen.
Ensured all the components are linked properly for the demo.
Made modifications to the UI design and linked the customer entry screen.

## Week 11
---------
Started writing the report. 
Added the features of the customer screen along with code snippets. 
Added the external libraries section. Added content to the implementation challenges.
