# Work Diary
_Name:_    **Anagha Thekkdath**

_zID:_      **z5225775**

---
---


## Week 1
---------
Made the group.
Chose the scrum master. 
Discussed various project topics and related software architectures and decided to go with project #6 - Waiter.

## Week 2
---------
Discussed the scope of the project and some basic features available on each screen. 
Fixed the software architecture as:

+ Backend: Python - Flask
+ UI: ReactJS - Typescript
+ DB: PostgreSQL

Started working on project proposal. I worked on the features, epic and wireframes for Admin screen.


## Week 3
---------
Discussed each feature in detail and how it would look. 
Discussed how the workflow of an order and the status changes.
Put all the discussed features, user stories and timeline in the proposal.

Pushed an initial code template to github. 


## Week 4
---------
Discussed about the Database structure and different table schemas.
Decided on using material-ui for styling.

Started to work on a basic flask application.


## Week 5 (Quite week for me, I was not well)
---------
Team discussed and finalised Database design various iterative changes. 

Basic flask application running with all the database configuratio set.


## Week 6
---------
Created one sample endpoint on the flask application which gets data from the DB tables.
Started working on the Admin screen UI.
Created a Side navigation panel which switches between the screens.

## Week 7
---------
Implemented Table settings(Fully integrated)

## Week 8
---------
Modularised Menu Settings components.
Updated models to use foriegn keys. 
Integrated with backend for get category, add category and get menu items.
Made upload image connected to the backend

## Week 9
---------
Finalised UI for Menu settings by combining add and edit menu and making the menu settings as a single component.
Created a mock up UI for the Analytics part. Finalised the data that needs to be shown.
Adding and Editing Menu Items.
Created the endpoints for the summary information needed on the Analytics page.

## Week 10
----------
Delete Category and Menu item.
Fixed some UX bugs. 
Made Analytics page working.
Presented the whole working UI.
Started writing the report.

## Week 11
----------
Created the ER diagram for the database. 
Helped debugging the docker and installation of the application as a single unit.
Added the features and functionality for Admin page and software architecture in report.



